33 handle empty list of propositions (#39)
ourstudio-se/puan-python: docs/source/reference/puan.logic.plog.rst

Data types
----------

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.AtLeast` : AtLeast is a compound proposition which takes propositions and represents a lower bound on the result of those propositions. For example, select at least one of x, y and z would be defined as ``AtLeast(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=1)`` and represented as :math:`x+y+z >= 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.AtLeast` : ``AtLeast`` is a compound proposition which takes propositions and represents a lower bound on the result of those propositions. For example, select at least one of x, y and z would be defined as ``AtLeast(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=1)`` and represented by the linear inequality :math:`x+y+z \ge 1`.
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.AtMost` : AtMost is a compound proposition which takes propositions and represents a lower bound on the result of those propositions. For example, select at least one of x, y and z would be defined as ``AtMost(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=2)`` and represented as :math:`-x-y-z >= -2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.AtMost` : ``AtMost`` is a compound proposition which takes propositions and represents a lower bound on the result of those propositions. For example, select at most two of x, y and z would be defined as ``AtMost(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=2)`` and represented by the linear inequality :math:`-x-y-z \ge -2`.
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.All` : 'All' is a compound proposition representing a conjunction of all given propositions. 'All' is represented by an AtLeast -proposition with value set to the number of given propositions. For example, ``All("x","y","z")`` is equivalent to ``AtLeast(propositions=["x","y","z"],value=3)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.All` : ``All`` is a compound proposition representing a conjunction of all given propositions. ``All`` is represented by an ``AtLeast``-proposition with value set to the number of given propositions. For example, ``All("x","y","z")`` is equivalent to ``AtLeast(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=3)``.
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.Any` : 'Any' is a compound proposition representing a disjunction of all given propositions. 'Any' is represented by an AtLeast -proposition with value set to 1. For example, ``Any("x","y","z")`` is equivalent to ``AtLeast(propositions=["x","y","z"],value=1)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.Any` : ``Any`` is a compound proposition representing a disjunction of all given propositions. ``Any`` is represented by an ``AtLeast``-proposition with value set to 1. For example, ``Any("x","y","z")`` is equivalent to ``AtLeast(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=1)``.
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.Imply` : Imply is the implication logic operand and has two main inputs: condition and consequence. For example, if x is selected then y and z must be selected could be defined with the ``Imply`` -class as ``Imply("x", All("y","z"))``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.Imply` : ``Imply`` is the implication logic operand and has two inputs: condition and consequence. For example, if x is selected then y and z must be selected could be defined with the ``Imply`` -class as ``Imply("x", All("y","z"))``. 
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.Xor` : Xor is restricting all propositions within to be selected exactly once. For example, ``Xor("x","y","z")`` means that one and exactly one of x, y and z must be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.Xor` : ``Xor`` is restricting all propositions within to be selected exactly once. For example, ``Xor("x","y","z")`` means that one and exactly one of x, y and z must be selected.
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.XNor` : XNor is a negated Xor. In the special case of two propositions, this is equivalent to the biconditional logical connective (<->).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.XNor` : ``XNor`` is a negated ``Xor``. In the special case of two propositions, this is equivalent to the biconditional logical connective (<->).
```

>    :class:`puan.logic.plog.Not` : Not is negating a proposition. For example, ``Not(All("x","y","z"))`` means that x, y or z can never be selected and is equivalent to `AtMost(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=2)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`puan.logic.plog.Not` : ``Not`` is negating a proposition. For example, ``Not(All("x","y","z"))`` means that x, y or z can never be selected and is equivalent to ``AtMost(propositions=["x","y","z"], value=2)``.
```
